3.2 additions (#286)
mathjax/MathJax-docs: input/tex/extensions/setoptions.rst

          //
          tex: {
            FindTeX: false,
            formatError: false,
            package: false,
            baseURL: false,
            tags: false,          // would require a new TeX input jax instance
            maxBuffer: false,
            maxMaxros: false,
            macros: false,
            environments: false
          },
          //
          // These packages can't be configured at all
          //
          setoptions: false,
          autoload: false,
          require: false,
          configmacros: false,
          tagformat: false
        }
      }
    }
  };

.. _tex-setoptions-filterPackage:
.. describe:: filterPackage: SetOptionsUtil.filterPackage

   This is a function that is called to determine if a package can
   have its options set or not.  It is passed the TeX parser and the
   name of the extension as its arguments, and returns true if the
   package allows its options to be configured and false otherwise.
   The default is to first check that the named package exists, then
   check if the package is explicitly allowed by its entry in the
   ``allowOptions`` property being either ``true`` or a list of the

>    options that are allowed to be set, otherwise if that entry is

Reviewer: Suggested rewrite to break up a very long sentence:
```suggestion
   ``allowOptions`` property. The entry can either be ``true``, allowing all options of the package to be set, or a list of the options that are allowed to be set. If the entry is
```

>    explicitly ``false`` or the ``allowPacakgeDefault`` option is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   explicitly ``false`` or the ``allowPackageDefault`` option is
```

   ``false``, an error is issued.  You can supply your own function to
   process the package names in another way if you wish.

.. _tex-setoptions-filterOption:
.. describe:: filterOption: SetOptionsUtil.filterOption

   This is a function that is called to determine whether an option
   can be set for a given package.  It is passed the TeX parser, the
   package name, and the option name as its arguments, and returns
   true if that option can be set for that package, and false
   otherwise.  The default is to check if the option is listed
   explicitly in the list of options for the given package in the

>    ``allowOptions``, and if the value is explicitly false, or if it is

Reviewer: Again splitting up a long sentence:
```suggestion
   ``allowOptions``. If the value is explicitly false, or if it is
```

   not listed and the ``allowOptionDefault`` is false, then produce an

>    error, otherwise check that the option actually exists for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   error. Otherwise check that the option actually exists for the
```

   package, and report an error if not, otherwise allow the option to
   be set.  You can supply your own function to process the option
   names in another way if you wish.

.. _tex-setoptions-filterValue:
.. describe:: filterValue: SetOptionsUtil.filterValue

   This is a function that is called to check the value provided for a
   given option is allowed.  It is passed the TeX parser, the package
   name, the option name, and the new option value as its arguments,
   and it returns the value to be used for the option.  The default is
   simply to return the value it is given, but you can use this to
   alter the value, or to produce an error if the value is not valid.

.. _tex-setoptions-allowPackageDefault:
.. describe:: allowPackageDefault: true

   This indicates how to handle packages that are not listed
   explicitly in the ``allowOptions`` list.  If ``true``, packages

>    that aren't listed are allowed to have their options set, and if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   that are not listed are allowed to have their options set. If the value is
```

   ``false``, only the packages that are listed as ``true`` or have
   explicit option lists can have their options set.
   
.. _tex-setoptions-allowOptionsDefault:
.. describe:: allowOptionsDefault: true

   This indicates how to handle options that are not listed explicitly
   in the ``allowOptions`` list for a given package.  If ``true``,

>    options that aren't listed are allowed to be set, and if ``false``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   options that are not listed are allowed to be set, and if ``false``,
```

   only the options that are listed explicitly as ``true`` for the given
   package can have their options set.

.. _tex-setoptions-allowOptions:
.. describe:: allowOptions: {...}

   This is a list of the packages that indicates whether their options
   can be set or not, and which options can be set.  If a package name
   appears and is explicitly set to ``false``, that package's options
   can't be set.  If it is ``true`` and ``allowOptionsDefault`` is
   true, then any of its options can be set.  If it is an explicit
   list of options, then if the option is listed as ``true``, it can

>    be set, and if ``false`` it can not.  If an option isn't listed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   be set, and if ``false`` it can not.  If an option is not listed,
```
